README reworked (#119)
thias/glim: README.md

GLIM — GRUB2 Live ISO Multiboot
===============================

https://github.com/thias/glim | https://glee.thias.es/GLIM

Overview
--------

_Boot many differetn GNU/Linux live environments by putting their ISOs onto VFAT-formatted USB memory_.

 * A single USB memory can hold all live environments (the limit is its size).
 * ISOs stay available to burn real CDs or DVDs.
 * One file per distro is easy to handle (vs. 100+ files in the images).
 * No files to extract.
 * No special live USB-creation tools.

Disadvantages:

>  * Each distro needs support as specific GRUB configuration files in GLIM. \

Author: ```suggestion
 * Each distro needs support as specific GRUB 2-configuration files in GLIM. \
```

[//]: # (distro-list-end)

> Unpopulated directories turns off the matching boot menu entry,

Reviewer: Thanks! I still think "turn" needs to drop the "s" to be correct, though, right? And I would s/the/their/ too.

Author: The [latest commit](https://github.com/thias/glim/pull/119/commits/6bfd4fa0d0b94511424d5dbcc7e829eaee10c2c6) is as simple as I can make it.
Hope it all checks out.

[//]: # (distro-list-end)

> Unpopulated directories turns its matching boot menu entry off,

Reviewer: This doesn't sound right. Plural directories, but then singular?

> Unpopulated directories turns its matching boot menu entry off,

Author: ```suggestion
Unpopulated directories turns off the matching boot menu entry,
```

> Unpopulated directories turns off the matching boot menu entry, \

Author: ```suggestion
Boot-menu entries are not shown for empty respective folders, \
```

disabled, so to skip any distribution, just don't copy any files into it.
Unpopulated directories turns its matching boot menu entry off,
so skip any distribution by not copying any files into it.

Download the right ISO image(s) to the matching directory. If you require
boot parameter tweaks, edit the appropriate `boot/grub2/inc-*.cfg` file.
Download the right ISO image(s) to the matching directory.
If you require boot parameter tweaks, edit the appropriate
`boot/grub2/inc-*.cfg` file.

Items order in the menu
------------
Item order in the menu
----------------------

Menu items for a distro are ordered by modification time of the iso files
starting from the most recent ones. If some iso files have the same mtime, their
menu items are ordered alphabetically.
Distros as menu items are ordered by the modification time of their ISO files,
starting with the most recent. If some ISO files have the same mtime,
their menu items are ordered A–Z.

Here is a generic idea how to keep it nicely ordered when you have multiple
Here is a generic idea of how to keep it nicely ordered with multiple
releases of some distro:

> - touch your **release** iso files with the release date

Reviewer: I think touch lowercase was to hint at using that command, so maybe `touch` instead to make it clearer?

> - Touch your **release** ISO files with the release date

Author: ```suggestion
- `touch` your **release** ISO files with the release date
```

> - Touch your **point release** ISO files with the original release date, plus a

Author: ```suggestion
- `touch` your **point release** ISO files with the original release date, plus a
```

>   —touch all of them with the same date to order the whole group A–Z

Reviewer: Why that weird special hyphen-ish character? :sweat_smile:

Author: an em dash. Removed.

>   —touch all of them with the same date to order the whole group A–Z

Author: ```suggestion
  — `touch` all of them with the same date to order the whole group A–Z
```

### LibreELEC

LibreELEC provide no ISO images, nor is able to find the `KERNEL` and

> `SYSTEM` files it needs anywhere else than at the root of a filesystem.

Author: This is a bit ambiguous.

Author: Removed the text and marked the entry as broken.

> `SYSTEM` files it needs anywhere else than at the root of a filesystem.

Author: ```suggestion
`SYSTEM` files it needs, other than if placed at the root of a filesystem.
```
?

    -boot_image any replay -rm_r /pool/restricted/{l,n} --
```

Now you can copy `slim/ubuntu-22.04.2-desktop-amd64.iso` to your FAT32-formatted
GLIM USB stick.

Some Ubuntus bundle the Nvidia driver (like Kubuntu), some don't (like Xubuntu).
The same trick can be used with the former.

Testing
-------

With KVM it should "just work". The `/dev/sdx` device should be configured as
an IDE or SATA disk (for some reason, as USB disk doesn't work on Fedora
17), that way you can easily and quickly test changes.
Ensure you unmount the disk from the host OS before starting the KVM
virtual machine that uses it.
For UEFI testing, you need to use one of the `/usr/share/edk2/ovmf/*.fd`
firmwares.

Troubleshooting
---------------

If you have any problem booting, for instance being stuck at the GRUB prompt before
the menu, try re-installing.
If you have other exotic GRUB errors, such as garbage text read instead of the
configuration directives, try re-formatting your USB memory from scratch
and/or persist in your belief that you are of sound mind should strangeness

> increase or continue.

Author: It is HeideggerGPT :)
